alive got a couple hours now not even
got an hour and a half
now do some little bit of research on
some stuff
so I want to look
at the current
sweep both of these
really it looks like this one crashed if
crash I want to look at that but uh in
the meanwhile oh no there it is there's
the new one
so this was pretty
good in fact I think we have a 3 minute
solve let's
see yeah look at this the Pito front is
very nice
here 3 minutes for
here why did this take oh hey how's it
going we're doing a little experiment
analysis here the first thing I want to
know is why it took so
long like what are the optimal
parameters and why were they so hard to
discover
are they
weird know was there something to
so learning
rate learning rate gives you stable
perf pretty much anywhere in this
region
entropy same
thing same thing a lot of these honestly
these parameters are very
stable and in isolation at least they
look like they're very
stable heck I mean we have solves on all
of these different ones
right so uh what was it that took so
long to discover it looks like you can
solve it with basically any of these
parameters being anywhere
here so we can
do or
I don't understand their query system
and how to get it to
work there it
goes okay
so we can see lots and lots of
parameters fill these
criteria and then if we take this
one we add an additional filter
let's do
RS very small batch very small batch
size no medium batch
size mostly 50 million time
all right so here are all of the the
really good runs
ah and look at
this Lambda is very
precise for these
runs very precise Lambda
in
gamma there's a little Flex not a
ton Max grad Norm has some flex and it
quite a bit of flex the F coefficient
has quite a bit of
flex surprisingly there's a bit of flex
in update
Horizon now m is very low in fact we
should could be able to even go lower
here kind of
odd batch
size 64k that's
reasonable time steps about 50 million
it looks like we can potentially go
lower than this as
well because if we go to the
charts let
see there's a little a little bit of
flex in here right some of these are
done kind of
early I think there's still some room
for improvement
model randomly start with
values uh it uses the center point at
the moment of the search space is its
first
trial there are some random seeds at the
moment at the start as well which I
would prefer not to have to need so
we're going to see how that goes the
current default parameters for breakout
are really not good though
well we can just cut off a lot of this
by just cutting the total time steps to
something more
e I do want to see those so if we look
at this we
progress this
one sweet
end it's actually pretty much all of the
runs towards the end isn't
let's just go by down these parameters
one at a time so bat
size 60k and 130k are both fine whoops
it's there from the
start total times steps is lowered but
that's not going to hurt
perf goes up and then it goes back down
well that's really interesting actually
look at this it goes up and then it goes
way back down
kind of an interesting
property so I think this is where waste
a lot of
experiments um we will have to think on
this can I question you can I question
from you course yeah you can ask
questions
sure give it time and emojis will load
yeah the the Emojis don't load instantly
as you can see here
I also have to review the uh the other
paper I'm just going to do this real
quick and then hopefully I can review
that paper right
after
right so anything O2 08 is kind of fine
it doesn't seem particularly
bothered so yeah I had that from the
start
GMA
95 yeah that's available from the
start Lambda
EPO uh a couple samples from the start
but then it got stuck on one for a
while and I don't know
why what's your
project it look like Unity with AI I
generally this is research my goal here
is to just make reinforcement learning
faster simpler to get working on new
problems in a ton of different
domains uh and we build really good
Tools around doing that at the moment
what I'm doing is I'm working on a
hyperparameter sweep algorithm which
will make it easier to automatically
tune an algorithm uh to every new
problem that you throw it at
each of these points is an experiment is
an experiment where an agent has been
trained to play
Breakout the thing that's important here
is not breakout it's the qualitative
behavior of this
algorithm PPT Horizon is available from
the start
right how interestingly it likes 32 but
we do have some samples at the start as
well
m is low
okay that's discovered pretty quick
okay
so maybe update
Epoch and time
um it's it's difficult to even be mad
here this is so
reasonable like it uses additional
compute to solve the
problem and you can see it Maxes total
time steps for a bit and then it does it
more efficiently over
time and then eventually it kind of
figures it
okay I think this
is reasonable
so we can kill
this runs are ridiculously good
I'm curious to see if this is even
faster this
sweep okay so we'll let that be for a
bit and then and we need to look at the
other experiments real quick the other
environment think these take quite a
while well I can literally just rerun
the same thing without e3b and that'll
be a decent enough comparison right
H something
broke that's
cool so we have the experiment set
up
um yeah and then I think we will be able
to check these back uh after
dinner I do have a paper to
review I have to do that off stream
though
be 160
cost great these should be pretty quick
to run
then this will be
weird that's
fine hopefully this does something
different well we shall
see I do actually want to make sure real
quick that we actually got the uh we got
the thing that we wanted to cuz that is
a little suspicious
[Music]
what good catch that would have been a
waste
when you do paper reviews that are not
typically I don't review papers outside
of my
fields and that would be a stupid thing
to do
right I I'm better qualified than the
average person by far or read papers
outside my
field I read papers that are in RL or ml
but outside of my direct area of
experience sure
well I can really yeah and I no longer
really care about the formality in the
formatting because I'm no longer in the
business of Academia I'm in the business
of making RL work
right but I do have to go review this
thing and this does have to be off
stream so I will go do that and I'm
going to get some dinner and then I will
be back after dinner most likely uh
probably checking on some experiments
unless I can't think of anything else to
do work-wise here we'll see I might just
go to bed early um but yeah these
experiments should be good we're getting
very very close to having something here
uh it's going to just take some more
experiments and some more fiddling but
this should end up quite well so see you
all around